Added Standalone documentation (#779)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: provisioning/standalone/docs/gettingstarted.md

# Standalone Applications

## How to create a standalone application?

To create a container that can be used  as a **standalone application**, some simple rules have to be followed:

-   The **port** to which the service is exposed has to be set using the environment variable `$CROWNLABS_LISTEN_PORT`.

> -   The **user** running the container cannot be **root**.

Reviewer: Would say that it should have UID 1010 (IIRC), and that relevant files must be accessible by that user.

> -   The listening service has to use as **basepath** the environment variable `$CROWNLABS_BASE_PATH` or setup the **rewriteURL** inside the template (_see next paragraph_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The listening service has to use as **basepath** the environment variable `$CROWNLABS_BASE_PATH` or setup the **rewriteURL** inside the template (_see next paragraph_).
```

-   Must answer a **200** if a **GET request** is sent to `$CROWNLABS_BASE_PATH/` (*rewriteURL to false*) or `/` (*rewriteURL to true*).

### RewriteURL vs CROWNLABS_BASE_PATH

> Let's make an example. We are deploying an application as a **standalone application**, so we will create a **template** with a **yaml file** that look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's make an example. We are deploying an application as a **standalone application**, so we will create a **template** with a **yaml file** that looks like the following:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: crownlabs.polito.it/v1alpha2
kind: Template
metadata:
    name: my-app
    namespace: workspace-sid
spec:
    prettyName: My Application
    description: Just an example template
    environmentList:
        - name: my-app-environment
          environmentType: Standalone
          mode: Standard
          image: myapplicationimage
          resources:
              cpu: 2
              memory: 2G
              reservedCPUPercentage: 25
          rewriteURL: false
          persistent: false
    workspace.crownlabs.polito.it/WorkspaceRef:
        name: sid
    deleteAfter: 30d
```

> Then we will create an **instance**, with a **yaml** or using the **CrownLabs frontend**. The generated **URL** to access the **instance** will look something like this: `https://crownlabs.polito.it/instance/4e46/app/`. So when we will send a request to this **URL**, the **application** will receive a **request** for `/instance/4e46/app/` and not just `/`. So the **application** has to be aware of it (see the [example](example.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we will create an **instance**, either through a **yaml** file or using the **CrownLabs frontend**. The generated **URL** to access the **instance** would resemble `https://crownlabs.polito.it/instance/4e46/app/`. So, when we will send a request to this **URL**, the **application** will receive a **request** for `/instance/4e46/app/` and not just `/`. Hence, the **application** has to be aware of it (see the [example](example.md)).
```

> In some cases, our **containers** don't run software written by ourselves. When is not possible to configure the application **basepath**, the **rewriteUrl** flag inside the **template** has to be set. This enables the **rewrite-URL** feature inside the used **ingress**, which translates all **request's URL** (towards our application) into `/`. So will be possible for the application to not set the **basepath** and work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, our **containers** do not run software written by ourselves. When is not possible to configure the application **basepath**, the **rewriteUrl** flag inside the **template** has to be set. This enables the **rewrite-URL** feature inside the generated **ingress** resource, which translates all **request's URLs** (towards our application) into paths relative to `/`. Hence, allowing the application to work correctly even if unaware of the **basepath**.
```
